Add Monthly Update for November 2022 (#130)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2022-12-12-november-rubygems-updates.md

---
title: November 2022 RubyGems Updates
layout: post
author: Gift Egwuenu
author_email: laurandidi21@gmail.com
---

Welcome to the RubyGems monthly update! As part of our efforts at Ruby Central, we publish a recap of the work that we’ve done the previous month. Read on to find out what updates were made to RubyGems and RubyGems.org in November.

## RubyGems News
This month in RubyGems, we released new versions of RubyGems [3.3.25](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#3325--2022-11-02), [3.3.26](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#3326--2022-11-16) and Bundler [2.3.25](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/blob/master/bundler/CHANGELOG.md#2325-november-2-2022), [2.3.26](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/blob/master/bundler/CHANGELOG.md#2326-november-16-2022).

The following improvements and fixes are also included in these releases (see the changelog for more information):

> - avoid installing everything under `lib` at the top in all test files - [#6074]( https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6074).

Reviewer: Let's change this to something summarizing better what that PR did, like

```suggestion
- improve some test times and fix warning by not installing documentation. - [#6074](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6074).
```

- fixed broken link in `bundle-platform` man page - [#6071](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6071).
- added permission restrictions to GitHub actions - [#6081](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6081).
- removed reference to RVM documentation in the message returned when you run `bundler outdated` - [#6083](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6083).

```bash
$ bundle outdated
Could not load OpenSSL.
You must recompile Ruby with OpenSSL support or change the sources in your Gemfile from 'https' to 'http'. Instructions for compiling with OpenSSL using
RVM are available at rvm.io/packages/openssl.

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think we need all the above, the one liner with the link seems fine.

> - added a specification to ensure that global gemspecs do not confuse Bundler - [#6086](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6086).

Reviewer: We have a concept on "specification" inside our code, so I think using "test" reduces potential confusion

```suggestion
- added a test to ensure that global gemspecs do not confuse Bundler - [#6086](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6086).
```

We

- fixed issue that occurs when a lockfile gem does not resolve on the current platform - [#6070](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6070).
- updated the docs for `gemfile` man page - [#6007](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/6007).

![Gemfile Man](https://i.imgur.com/veOa0z4.png)

> 

Reviewer: I'd say we don't need the picture here either, the one liner with a link to the PR seems fine.

Author: Yes, this was suggested by Irene. We wanted to highlight updates with screenshots or images of what changed. Assuming this doesn't fit, I'll move them to a different section linking back to the one-liner.
